(narrator) Previously on
Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS.
I can't afford to lose
this duel to Kolter,
but I don't want him
to lose either.
They shouldn't have been
dueling each other
in the first place!
It's all because
Lightning's blackmailing Kolter
by threatening Jin's safety.
I know that this is not
how you and me
wanted things to end, buddy.
But all good things gotta come
to an end sometime, right?
Ready Ai?
Ready for what?
To win this duel!
Now Decode Talker Extended,
attack
Codebreaker Virus Berserker!
(intense music)
My monster has
another ability!
When it destroys a monster
next to its link,
it can attack for a second time
in a single turn!
It looks like Game Over.
Kolter!
No!
Kolter's gone...
Time to see
what you're made of.
Kolter knew that you
would force him to duel me,
so he prepped me for this.
To make sure
that if my spirit did break,
that I could forge it
back together
and make it
more powerful than before.
He tricked me?
But Kolter
isn't holding me down,
he's lifting me up and giving me
the strength to stop you!
(gasps)
Playmaker!
♪
It seems Playmaker
is in no condition to duel.
No, no, he's in great shape!
He, uh, thought it would be cool
to fight his next duel
lying down with his eyes shut.
Why does it feel like
Playmaker's the one who lost
when he's the one
who actually won?
Yeah,
it's really bringing me down.
With that attitude,
it's no wonder ya lost altitude!
Playmaker maybe down,
but he always bounces back up.
But he's out cold, Boss.
You don't know Playmaker
like I do!
He's still got plenty.
Now get up and go!
Now, prove me right, Playmaker
and get up!
I knew the duel against
Kolter
would take a lot out of you,
but even I am surprised
it worked this well.
Though it is a pity
that I didn't get to crush you
with my own hands.
Then hold that thought,
'cause Playmaker
is popping back up right
now!
Psst, that's your cue, PM!
He can't hear a word
you're saying, Ai.
A fact that almost
makes me envy Playmaker.
Except I couldn't
possibly envy this useless husk.
Back off!
You mess with Playmaker
and you'll answer to me!
At least I can defend myself.
Playmaker may have failed,
but I will not.
♪
Kolter's hacking program
is 100% complete.
This is the tool we need to
break into Mirror Link VRAINS.
And it's time to use it.
Playmaker will pollute
my realm no more.
Bohman, erase him, please.
Keep your mitts
off Playmaker!
You try to erase him
and I'll erase your face!
I have no intention
of erasing him,
I assure you.
Oh?
The course of action
you have proposed is illogical.
If I erase Playmaker,
it will appear that
we avoided dueling him
because we believed that
humans were superior to AI's.
Instead, we should allow
Playmaker to recover.
We can then
defeat him in a duel,
proving our superiority.
Once they watch their hero fall,
the humans will soon lose hearts
and any remaining spirit.
An intriguing prospect...
(dramatic music)
Looks like
we're in business!
(Faust) Master Varis,
can you hear me?
Loud and clear, Faust.
I need your help.
Transfer this data
to the Light Ignis.
(Faust) Right away, master.
And now,
I have one more request.
Strange...
I sense a data storm brewing.
It seems that someone has
destroyed the barrier
that protected this world
from outsiders.
Then we can go where we like
if Playmaker ever wakes up.
♪
We must act quickly.
Let's go deal
with the other intruders
before they do anything
problematic.
Come along -
This is a message
from Varis!
Hey boss,
they flew the coop!
Should we follow 'em?
You couldn't teleport us two
inches with those puny wings.
Yeah, good point.
Besides, we can't leave
Playmaker in his hour of need.
We can,
if we don't have any choice!
Lighting and Bohman
are getting away.
Getting away?
Not on my watch!
Hang on, Flame!
Time to bring the heat!
(dramatic music)
When I met Playmaker,
I went from being a loner
to being part of something
bigger than myself.
I might not see
my teammates again,
but I'll never
stop fighting for them!
Bohman, Lightning!
Wherever you are, I'll find you!
So quit playing hide-and-seek
and show yourselves!
And why do you think
we would ever hide
from you, Soulburner?
So there you are.
Flame, you ready?
To duel?
Definitely.
I'm looking forward to it.
Follow me.
(laughs)
♪
We're here.
(dramatic music)
(intense music)
So we're dueling
under the ocean, huh?
You think I'm scared
of a little water?
Water extinguishes fire,
just as I will now
extinguish you.
In your dreams!
I can beat you here or anywhere!
Stay calm, Soulburner.
I'm tired of gettin' bounced
around this world
like a basketball!
Yeah, we sank
a three-pointer this time, boss.
Look who's duelin'!
Bohman and Soulburner!
That's like hurlin' a pile
of TNT at a bonfire!
You guys forced Playmaker
to take out his best friend!
He can't make you
pay for that, but I will!
'Cause I owe him big time!
You see,
if it wasn't for Playmaker,
I'd be in the same place
I was after the Lost Incident.
Still lost
and always lookin' for trouble!
'Cause when you're
as lost as I was,
you can't even see that
your life is goin' nowhere.
But all that changed one day.
When I read about Playmaker.
While I was goin' nowhere fast,
he was doin' somethin'
that meant somethin'.
Fighting to stop those who
wanted to bring our world down.
I knew that I had to
make a choice.
Either I'd keep goin' nowhere
for the rest o' my life,
or I had to pick a direction
and head that way!
So I took off for Den City
and that's when I met
my bud, Flame, here.
And the rest is history.
Then you're telling me
it is Playmaker's fault..
that you are just moments away
from being permanently deleted.
Aw, come on, man,
you can't be that dense!
I'm sayin' Playmaker saved me
from wastin' my life.
And so now I'm savin' him
from you, get it?
Maybe that isn't logical to you,
but that's how friendship works!
Ah, friendship,
how very touching!
Uhh!
I mean that sincerely,
Soulburner.
I may not know as much
about emotions as you,
but I am learning.
I've felt the joy of friendship
along with the pain of its loss
as I experienced when your
companions took Harlin from me.
I once thought
friendship had no value,
but now that
I have experienced it,
I see that it's a great asset.
Because I can use the pain
I still feel from Harlin's loss
as fuel to defeat you in a duel!
Nice speech.
But it's gonna turn out
the other way around.
'Cause I'm more fueled up
than you could ever be!
(both) Time to duel!
Roll roll roll!
I'm way ahead of ya, Boss!
Soulburner's duelin' Bohman?
Soulburner, be careful.
His Hydradrive deck
is very powerful.
So powerful, that it was able to
defeat Blue Maiden and Aqua.
They may have lost,
but they were able to show us
how his deck works,
helping me set up
the perfect counter strategy
to use against him.
I can't wait to see it.
I'll go first.
And I summon Hydradrive Booster.
And with it...
I will now generate my circuit!
I set Hydradrive Booster
in the Link Arrow!
To Link Summon!
Link 1,
burn Hydradrive!
When you have a Fire Attribute
monster on your field,
Burn Hydradrive can attack
your life points directly.
Seems you know I play
a lot of Fire monsters.
Let's be honest,
it's not that hard
to figure out.
And by summoning
this Hydradrive Bringer,
I can retrieve a Hydradrive
from my graveyard.
I'll follow that
by link summoning once again!
I set Hydradrive Bringer in
the Link Arrow to Link Summon.
Link 1 Coolant Hydradrive!
Now Observe where my
monsters' Link Arrows point to.
They add point to my
Spell & Trap Zone.
And since they do that means...
I am now allowed to go
and play a Link Spell!
He's playing
Judgment Arrows.
This is not good.
You're quite correct,
and it's only going to
get worse, Flame.
Because I'm going to
Link Summon for a third time!
The summoning conditions are
two Hydradrive Link Monsters!
I Link Summon, Link 2
Twin Hydradrive Knight!
When Twin Hydradrive Knight
is Link Summoned,
it gains the Attributes of the
two Hydradrives
that were used to summon it.
Therefore, it becomes
both Fire and Water.
Next to safeguard my cards
from whatever you plan to do,
I activate the spell
Hydradrive Protection
and use it on my
Twin Hydradrive Knight
and Judgment Arrows.
As long as Hydradrive Protection
is in play,
you can't use your
effects or abilities
against my
Twin Hydradrive Knight
or my Judgment Arrows!
His Hydradrive Deck
is designed
to target my monsters'
Attributes to shut them down.
So just like he shut down
Blue Maiden's Water Monsters,
he's targeting my Fire Monsters.
But since we know
that's what he's trying to do,
we can counteract it.
You read my mind.
Let's do this.
It's our turn!
We'll start by activating the
Field Spell Salamangreat Shrine!
Whenever Flame and I summon a
Salamangreat Link Monster,
this Field spell lets us use
that one monster
to Link Summon again.
So in other words,
you're able to
Reincarnation Link Summon.
You know it!
And next up,
we summon Jack Jaguar!
And we'll use it
to now blaze our circuit!
We set Salamangreat Jack Jaguar
in the Link Arrow
to Link Summon,
Link 1 Salamangreat Balelynx!
And due to our
Balelynx's special ability,
we get to draw
Salamangreat Sanctuary
from our deck.
I don't think so.
Twin Hydradrive Knight
negates the abilities of
all monsters
it shares an attribute with,
and both our monsters
are Fire Monsters!
So your Balelynx
loses its powers!
No, it doesn't!
Not when we have
Salamangreat Shrine!
If your monster
is a Fire monster,
this spell protects our
Salamangreats from its abilitie.
Ah, I see.
So this is what you meant
by your counter strategy.
Good to see
you're keeping up with us.
And since we
Link Summoned this turn,
we get to play this!
Salamangreat Mole!
And with these two monsters,
we'll Link Summon again!
Link 2
Salamangreat Sunlight Wolf!
That's not all!
Summoning Sunlight Wolf
triggers Jack Jaguar's special
ability from our graveyard!
It lets us return one
Salamangreat in our graveyard
back to our deck!
Then we get to summon
Jack Jaguar
next to Sunlight Wolf's link!
Like this!
And next up,
we're using Jack Jaguar
to bring back a familiar feline!
We Link Summon!
Link 1 Salamangreat Balelynx!
And that triggers
Sunlight Wolf's special ability!
When a monster is summoned
next to its link...
We get to retrieve one
Salamangreat from our graveyard!
And with that,
we're gonna do something
that even you couldn't do.
Link Summon for a fourth time!
We Link Summon,
Link 3 Salamangreat Heatleo!
Now we've got the
most powerful monster in play!
Our Heatleo is stronger
than his Knight,
but Bohman can use
Judgment Arrows to power it up.
Yeah, I wish we could
get rid of it ASAP,
but we can't,
'cause his Hydradrive Protection
is, well, protecting it.
But that gives me an idea.
I use Heatleo's ability
to return Hydradrive Protection
to Bohman's deck!
Oh. (laughs)
Ah, I see.
You went after the protector
instead of the protectee.
And that now leaves
Judgment Arrows vulnerable!
I activate
Salamangreat Shrine's effect!
Now go!
Reincarnation Link Summon!
Rise again
from the valley of flames,
Salamangreat Heatleo!
By Link Summoning Heatleo,
its special ability sends
one of your spell or trap cards
back into your deck!
And you can do
nothing to stop it.
So say goodbye to your
Judgment Arrows!
And now to put
the icing on the cake, Bohman,
every single monster that was
next to Judgment Arrows' links
is destroyed!
Got ya!
Got me for what?
If you're referring
to my monster,
you're sorely mistaken.
Mistaken how?
(growls)
Impossible...
When Hydradrive Protection
leaves the field,
it leaves behind a parting gift.
My monster can't be destroyed
by effects
for the rest of this turn.
What?
Then how's this!
We activate
Heatleo's additional ability!
It changes your
monster's attack points
to become the same as a monster
that's in the graveyard!
Meaning your
Twin Hydradrive Knight's
attack points become exactly
the same as Salamangreat Mole's!
It's down to 0?
An effect might not be able
to destroy Bohman's Knight,
but an attack can!
Ain't that right, Playmaker?
(groans)
Here goes!
Salamangreat Heatleo!
Attack Twin Hydradrive Knight!
Feel the burn of a thousand
raging infernos, Bohman!
(groans)
(screams)
Feel the burn of a thousand
raging infernos!
(screams)
And with that attack,
we'll now end our turn.
Wow!
You see that?
You betcha!
That attack was sizzling!
He's on fire!
This duel's so hot.
My eyeballs are burning!
Stop roastin' your oculars!
Very impressive, Soulburner.
I never expected you'd be able
to deal me damage.
You should feel
very proud of yourself.
What?
I'm the one who has
the life point lead, you know!
He's only trying to
provoke you, Soulburner.
Yeah, I know
and it's annoying
that it's kinda working.
(grins)
But don't you worry, Flame.
I won't let him
throw me off of my game.
You may say that
and believe that to be true,
but I find that the actions of
humans often betray their words.
Now, my turn!
When neither of us have
any monsters in our
Main Monster Zones,
I can automatically summon
Hydradrive Booster from my hand.
Then by tributing
Hydradrive Booster,
I'm allowed to summon
Hydradrive Agent.
And due to Hydradrive Agent's
special ability,
I can re summon one Hydradrive
from my graveyard.
Return to me,
Twin Hydradrive Knight!
When the monster that was
resurrected is a Link Monster,
I also get to draw one card.
And now,
I shall generate my circuit!
The summoning conditions require
at least two Hydradrives,
one of which
is at least Level 5!
I Link Summon
Link 3 PARADOX Hydradrive Atlas!
(growls)
I've seen
that monster before...
It's the worst of them all.
What's up with the glitch?
Glitch?
Hmm, strange.
Anyway, I know that monster.
It's the one that
destroyed the Cyberse.
The one that destroyed my home
and everything I knew.
Soulburner, that is one monster
that we cannot allow to exist,
no matter what it takes!
What's this?
Do I detect that
you're losing your cool?
As much as you preach to
Soulburner
about falling prey
to his emotions,
you should be the one
looking in the mirror as well.
As my AI improves,
I've become
an expert on emotions.
How they can fuel you to
great heights,
or plummet you to great depths,
if you cannot control them?
And only I can
maintain that balance.
You're a primitive AI.
So primitive you couldn't
save your home world.
Yes, you're right.
I could not save the Cyberse...
But though I cannot
change the past,
I can change the future
by defeating you in this duel.
No, buddy, not "I".
"We" will defeat
Bohman together!
I'd wish you luck,
but I'm not one
for wasting wishes.
Save it for yourself.
I don't need it
as you shall observe!
When I summon my Atlas,
I get to roll a die.
And what I roll will determine
my Atlas's Attribute.
So you are relying
on luck to help ya!
No, I'm not.
Since I am one
with Link VRAINS itself,
I control all the luck
in this world!
(thunder)
Oh, man.
It's an earthquake!
(screaming)
The fate of all creation
rests in the palm of my hands!
Judgment Dice!
Witness what destiny
has chosen for you!
♪